readability improvements - examine (#5105)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 10/umbraco-cms/reference/searching/examine/README.md

The Examine documentation is found here [https://shazwazza.github.io/Examine/](https://shazwazza.github.io/Examine/) and the source code repository for Examine is here [https://github.com/Shazwazza/Examine](https://github.com/Shazwazza/Examine).

> Examine allows you to index and search data quickly. Examine is a library that sits on top of [Lucene.Net](https://lucenenet.apache.org/), a high performance search engine library. Examine provides APIs to make searching and indexing as straight forward as possible. UmbracoExamine adds an extra layer to access Umbraco-specific APIs for content and media indexing and searching.

Reviewer: How about we change the order of "indexing and searching" and "content and media"?
Sounds a little more fluid IMO 😄 

Also, Grammarly suggested some changes, that I applied to the sentences before 😅 

```suggestion
Examine allows you to index and search data quickly. Examine is a library that sits on top of [Lucene.Net](https://lucenenet.apache.org/), a high-performance search engine library. Examine provides APIs to make searching and indexing as straightforward as possible. UmbracoExamine adds an extra layer to access Umbraco-specific APIs for indexing and searching content and media.
```
